this is a 1968 Chevrolet c10 two-wheel
drive half-ton pickup truck heavily
upgraded and modified rebuilt suspension
lowered on the front four and a half
inches lowered on the rear six inches
and rebuilt with a power disc brake
conversion Hall by early classic
industries all high-quality parts and -
done to a high standard
these are Bassett racing NASCAR steel
wheels eight half inch on the front ten
inch on the rear body sheetmetal all in
Nice shape buck is in Nice shape
no nasties around the body
electrically good interior
it's very lovely rebuilt window
regulators door panels redone seat
covers redone carpets redone - very very
nice with a some super tank retro tach
in there all new gauges throughout oil
water vacuum gauge and volts new Sony CD
player new heater controls new ignition
key unlock new low car shifter all in
very very nice shape all done last year
so not very old under the hood is a
heavily modified 454 big-block v8
again all done to a very high standard
engine completely rebuilt new Pistons
new rings new main bearings new rod
bearings new cam it's an Edelbrock
Performer camp
Mickey Tom's and valve covers there's
the brand-new power brake booster and
master cylinder and proportioning valve
ever brought air gap intake manifold of
brand new holley 750 vacuum secondary
carbo the lectric choke a GM HEI
distributor all night wire guides
aluminium water pump aluminium de Witts
radiator with twin electric cooling fans
brand new alternator brand new
everything under there all linked to a
GM 700r4 4-speed automatic transmission
with overdrive the lock-up torque
converter so cruising is no problem in
this machine very very nice cruiser let
me fire it up
idols real nice good oil pressure oil
pressure it's 40 stays nice and cool
idle beautifully and is very very far
very lively
magnificent response frightening car